♪ ♪
>> Tucker: WELCOME BACK.
WE ARE STILL DOING BY ERIC
SWALWELL OF CALIFORNIA, MEMBER
OF THE HOUSE INTEL COMMITTEE.
IF YOU BEEN WATCHING CABLE NEWS
NO DOUBT YOU'VE SEEN THE
CONGRESSMAN TALKING A LOT ABOUT
RUSSIA.
HERE'S PART.
>> RUSSIA ATTACKED OUR DEMOCRACY
THIS PAST ELECTION.
>> AND THEN THEY SHOWED UP TO
HIS TRUMP TOWER, OFFER THE
EVIDENCE TO HIS FAMILY.
THEY RECEIVED IT, THEY DIDN'T
TURN IT DOWN.
DONALD TRUMP FOR YEARS HAD BEEN
WORKING WITH THE RUSSIANS, HE
BROUGHT PEOPLE IN HIS CAMPAIGN
WHO HAD TIES TO THE RUSSIANS.
>> WE'VE SEEN A CANDIDATE AND A
PRESIDENT WHO HAS SPOKEN IN VERY
FLATTERING WAYS ABOUT
VLADIMIR PUTIN.
>> ALL THE ARROWS CONTINUE TO
POINT TO A PERSONAL, POLITICAL
AND FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP THAT
DONALD TRUMP HAD WITH THE
RUSSIANS.
>> Tucker: THE CONGRESSMAN'S
COMMENTS AND I WE'VE GIVEN HIM A
LOT OF TIME TO PRESENT TO US
EVIDENCE, ACTUAL EVIDENCE OF
COLLUSION.
I WAS MAN, THANKS A LOT FOR
COMING BACK.
>> OF COURSE.
>> Tucker: TRUMPS THAT IN THE
CAMPAIGN I WANT TO BRING US
CLOSER TO RUSSIA.
I CERTAINLY AGREED WITH THAT.
A LOT OF PEOPLE ON HIS
CAMPAIGN --
>> WHY?
WHY DID YOU AGREE WITH THAT?
>> Tucker: I THINK IS A
GEOPOLITICAL MATTER THE ENEMY IS
CHINA.
>> WE HAVE NOR MORE THAN ONE
ENEMY.
>> Tucker: ABSOLUTELY.
I DON'T AGREE WITH THE TRUMP
ADMINISTRATION POSTURE TOWARDS
RUSSIA.
IT'S TOO BELLICOSE.
IT DOESN'T MAKE YOU A TRAITOR.
BUT IS THERE ACTUAL EVIDENCE, I
HAVE FOLLOWED THIS PRETTY
CAREFULLY.
WHERE IS THE ACTUAL EVIDENCE OF
COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP
CAMPAIGN AND PUTIN?
>> 2014, 15, 16, RUSSIANS HACK
INTO OUR DNC.
THEY WEAPONIZE SOCIAL MEDIA.
2015 THEY MAKE WHAT I THINK IS
THE FIRST APPROACH THAT WE KNOW.
FELIX, RUSSIAN-AMERICAN, FORMER
BUSINESS PARTNER WITH
DONALD TRUMP APPROACH IS
DONALD TRUMP'S LAWYER MICHAEL
COHEN AND SAYS LET'S GET
DONALD TRUMP TO BUILD A
TRUMP TOWER IN MOSCOW.
WE CAN ENGINEER THIS, GET TRUMP
AND PUTIN TOGETHER AND MAKE OUR
BOY PRESIDENT.
THAT'S THE FIRST KNOWN APPROACH.
THE HACKING IS GOING ON.
YOU START TO SEE THE DIFFERENT
APPROACHES.
THERE'S TWO DIFFERENT TYPES OF
THE APPROACH IS TO GET TRUMP AND
PUTIN TOGETHER, WHICH IS UNUSUAL
BECAUSE HE'S A CANDIDATE, AND
THEN THE APPROACH TO PREVIEW THE
HACKED EMAILS THAT THE RUSSIANS
HAVE AGAINST HILLARY CLINTON.
YOU SEE THAT OFFER MADE TO
GEORGE PAPADOPOULOS WHILE HE'S
OVER IN LONDON BY A RUSSIAN.
HE LIED ABOUT THAT AND HE PLED
GUILTY TO LYING, ADMITTED THAT
HAD OCCURRED.
YOU SEE THE APPROACH WITH THE
JUNE 9TH MEETING.
RUSSIAN DEVELOPERS CLOSE TO BOOT
AND TRYING TO GET TRUMP AND
PUTIN TOGETHER.
THEY OFFERED DIRT ON
HILLARY CLINTON.
THAT JUNE 9TH MEETING, THEY
MOVED HEAVEN AND EARTH.
TO TAKE
THE MEETING.
DONALD TRUMP, DAYS BEFORE THE
MEETING OCCURRED, ONCE HIS SON
KNOWS THE MEDIA IS HAPPENING
TELLS THE WORLD NO INFORMATION
IS COMING OUT ABOUT
HILLARY CLINTON.
DAYS AFTER THE MEETING JULIAN
ASSANGE TELLS THE WORLD THAT
HILLARY CLINTON EMAILS ARE
COMING OUT.
THEN YOU START TO SEE THE HACKED
EMAILS RELEASED.
WHAT DOES CANDIDATE FROM TWO?
HE DOESN'T DISAVOW THEM.
NO ONE IN THE FAMILY HAS SAYS WE
HAVE TAKEN THESE MEETINGS.
INSTEAD, HE INVITES THE RUSSIANS
ON A PUBLIC STAGE TO HACK MORE.
HE ASKED THEM TO DO IT.
HE MADE AN INVITATION.
>> Tucker: HE DID.
THIS IS JULY 27TH 2016 AT THE
JEROME NATIONAL WHICH HE OWNS.
HERE'S THE CLIP YOU ARE TALKING
ABOUT.
>> RUSSIA, IF YOU'RE LISTENING,
I HOPE YOU ARE ABLE TO FIND THE
30,000 EMAILS THAT ARE MISSING.
I THINK YOU WILL PROBABLY BE
REWARDED MIGHTILY BY OUR PRESS.
LET'S SEE IF THAT HAPPENS.
>> Tucker: TWO QUESTIONS.
>> HE WAS REWARDED.
>> Tucker: TOOK RUSSIA EVER
COME UP WITH THOSE EMAILS?
THEY DIDN'T ACTUALLY.
>> DO KNOW THAT FOR A FACT?
>> Tucker: WE HAVEN'T SEEN
THEM.
>> LET'S LET THE MUELLER
INVESTIGATION CONTINUE.
>> Tucker: MAYBE MUELLER IS IN
CONTACT WITH THE RUSSIANS BUT
TRUMP DIDN'T COME UP WITH THOSE
FROM THE RUSSIANS.
>> THERE IS STILL AN ATTEMPT
THERE, RIGHT?
YOU CAN ATTEMPT TO DO SOMETHING
AND FAIL.
>> Tucker: I HATE TO INJECT
COMMON SENSE INTO THIS.
>> WOULD YOU DO IT IN BROAD
DAYLIGHT?
>> Tucker: WHEN YOU DIAL THEM
UP ON THE SHORT WAVE IN THE
BASEMENT?
WOULD YOU REALLY SENT A CODED
MESSAGE IN THE MIDDLE OF A JOKE
IN A PRESS CONFERENCE?
>> I'M NOT SAYING HE'S THE
SMARTEST GUY IN THE WORLD,
TUCKER.
NEVER ACCUSED HIM OF THAT.
>> Tucker: THAT'S THE SMOKING
GUN RIGHT THERE?
>> AS PART OF THE EVIDENCE.
AN INVITATION MADE BY A
CANDIDATE TELLING THEM IT WAS
OKAY.
HE'S NOT THE SMARTEST GUY IN THE
WORLD.
>> Tucker: SO HE'S BOTH A
SECRET AGENT FOR PUTIN BUT HE'S
SO DUMB HE SPILLS THE SECRETS AT
A PRESS CONFERENCE ON TV.
>> THE LATTER.
HE MAKES AN INVITATION.
HE DOESN'T DISAVOW WHAT THEY ARE
DOING.
WHAT DO THEY DO?
THEY START TO DO MORE.
HE >> Tucker: TO ACTUALLY GIVE
FROM THE 30,000 EMAILS.
>> THEY START TO DO MORE, THEY
START TO HAVE MORE.
>> Tucker: YOU ARE THE PEOPLE
LAUGHING AT THE END OF WHAT HE
SAID, RIGHT?
>> HE'S COMMITTING THE OFFER IN
BROAD DAYLIGHT.
>> Tucker: WHY DIDN'T HE JUST
ASKED HER ALL THE MANY RUSSIAN
AGENTS?
>> LET ME CONTINUE.
>> Tucker: THOSE ARE FOR
QUESTIONS, RIGHT?
IS A LITTLE CONFUSING.
>> WHY WOULDN'T HE ADMIT TO
OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE IN PUBLIC
YOU LET THEIRS KNOW THEY ARE SO
STUPID THEY COMMIT THE CRIME AND
PUBLIC EXCEPTION.
HE DID IT.
>> Tucker: HAS ANY AGENT EVER
BROADCAST A MESSAGE TO HIS
HANDLERS EVER?
>> HAS ANY BUSINESS BEEN EVER
BEEN ELECTED PRESIDENT?
HE MADE THE INVITATION IN PUBLIC
AND THEN YOU START TO SEE DURING
THE SUMMER OF 2016 -- WE HAVE AN
EMAIL THAT IS TITLED KREMLIN
CONNECTION, AN OFFER MADE TO
PAUL ERICKSON OF THE CAMPAIGN TO
CONNECT DONALD TRUMP AND
VLADIMIR PUTIN AGAIN.
KREMLIN CONNECTION.
>> Tucker: DID THEY CONNECT?
>> I DON'T BELIEVE THEY
CONNECTED.
>> Tucker: WHERE'S THE
EVIDENCE?
>> FIRST, DON'T CONFUSE EVIDENCE
WITH A CONCLUSION.
EVIDENCE GIVES THE FBI AND THE
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE --
>> Tucker: WHERE'S THE SMOKING
GUN?
I WATCHED RACHEL MADDOW.
I GET IT.
THERE ARE A LOT OF RUSSIANS AND
RUSSIAN PEOPLE AND EMAILS, BUT
WHERE IS THE ACTUAL PROOF THAT
SOMETHING HAPPENED AFTER MORE
THAN A YEAR OF THIS?
>> I DON'T HAVE SUBPOENA POWER.
BOB MUELLER DOES.
>> Tucker: YOU HAVE HIGH
SECURITY CLEARANCE ANYWHERE ON
THE INTEL COMMITTEE.
PRESUMABLY YOU HAVE MORE THAN
LIKE A CLIP OF HIM AT A PRESS
CONFERENCE.
>> I'M ONLY GIVING YOU THE
EVIDENCE I'VE SEEN IN AN
UNCLASSIFIED MANNER.
I'M TELLING YOU ALL OF THAT
WARRANTS LOOKING AT WHETHER OR
NOT WE CAN PROVE BEYOND A
REASONABLE DOUBT CONSPIRACY TO
DEFRAUD THE UNITED STATES.
>> Tucker: ARE WE WORKING ON
THAT?
WE'VE BEEN AT IT FOR A LONG TIME
WE'VE BEEN AT IT FOR A LONG TIM
TIME.
>> NOT WITH THE OBSTRUCTION THAT
WE CONTINUE TO SEE.
>> Tucker: THAT'S ALL YOU GOT?
>> NO.
>> Tucker: WITH THE PART WE
HAVEN'T HEARD?
I'M WAITING.
>> IT'S RIGHT IN FRONT OF HER
NOSE.
IT'S RIGHT IN FRONT OF HER NOSE.
>> Tucker: MORE SECRET
MESSAGES?
>> WHEN WE LOOK BACK ON THIS IN
25 YEARS WE WILL BE AMAZED AT
HOW MUCH OF IT WAS RIGHT IN
FRONT OF US.
SO THEY ARE HACKING.
>> Tucker: WE ARE ALL SPEAKING
CHINESE AT THAT POINT AND PEOPLE
ARE LIKE PEOPLE THOUGHT RUSSIA
WAS THE THREAT.
>> THEY NEVER TURNED OUT ANY OF
THE APPROACHES.
THE CANDIDATE MAKES AN
INVITATION IN BROAD DAYLIGHT.
THEY CONTINUE TO TRY AND ARRANGE
MEETINGS THROUGH THE SUMMER AND
THEN YOU START TO HAVE WHAT I
CALL -- IF THERE'S A QUIT BROKE
WHILE THERE HAS TO BE A QUO.
CANDIDATES POSITIVE FAVORABLE
STATEMENTS ABOUT PUTIN.
EVEN IF THOSE ARE AS YOU SAID SO
WE HAVE A BETTER RELATIONSHIP.
HOW DO YOU EXPLAIN THE NATIONAL
SECURITY ADVISOR, MICHAEL FLYNN,
WHO HAD BEEN OVER TO RUSSIA JUST
A YEAR BEFORE TELLING THE
RUSSIANS DON'T WORRY ABOUT THE
BARACK OBAMA IMPOSED SANCTIONS.
HOW DO YOU ASK WHEN THAT?
HOW DO YOU EXPLAIN BRINGING THE
RUSSIANS INTO THE OVAL OFFICE
AND GIVING THEM NATIONAL
SECURITY --
>> Tucker: HERE'S WHAT I WOULD
HOPE, THAT WE WOULD STOP WITH
THE SANCTIONS ON RUSSIA.
I THINK THEY ARE
COUNTERPRODUCTIVE BUT THE TRUMP
ADMINISTRATION HAS DONE JUST THE
OPPOSITE.
WE SENT JAVELIN MISSILES TO THE
UKRAINIAN REBELS.
WE HAVE OPENED UP DOMESTIC OIL
PRODUCTION HERE, WHICH HURTS
THEM IN GAS PRODUCTION.
WE HAVE KILLED OVER 200 RUSSIANS
IN SYRIA.
WE HAVE BOMBED THE GOVERNMENT,
WHICH IS THEIR CLOSEST ALLY
OUTSIDE THE BORDERS.
IN WHAT SENSE HAS HE BEEN
PRO-RUSSIA AS PRESIDENT?
I SAY THIS WITH SADNESS BECAUSE
I DON'T THINK       THINK YOU SO
I DON'T THINK       THINK YOU SL
I DON'T THINK       THINK YOU S
I DON'T THINK       THINK YOU SE
DOING ANYTHING.
>> ALL THE FAVORABLE THINGS,
BRINGING RUSSIANS INTO THE
OVAL OFFICE, KICKING OUT
AMERICANS.
FAILURE TO IMPOSE THE
CONGRESSIONALLY PASSED
SANCTIONS.
YOU KNOW HOW HARD WE HAD TO
WORK?
>> Tucker: WHAT ABOUT KILLING
THE 200 RUSSIANS?
>> DID HE KILL THEM?
>> Tucker: HE SENT THE U.S.
MILITARY.
>> I THINK YOU GIVE HIM TOO MUCH
CREDIT.
>> Tucker: ARE NOT FLAGGING
FOR TRUMP.
I DON'T THINK HE SHOULD'VE DONE
IT IT.
I CREDIT        HER TO SIZED HIM
I CREDIT        HER TO SIZED HIO
I CREDIT        HER TO SIZED HIN
I CREDIT        HER TO SIZED HIT
I CREDIT        HER TO SIZED HIE
I CREDIT        HER TO SIZED HIS
I CREDIT        HER TO SIZED HIO
I CREDIT        HER TO SIZED HI.
HE'S KILLED 200 RUSSIANS, OBAMA
DID NOT DO THAT.
HE SENT MISSILES TO UKRAINIAN
REBELS.
OBAMA DID NOT DO THAT.
HE IS COMPETING WITH ENERGY AND
WEIGHS OBAMA'S NEVER TRY.
WHY IS HE MORE PRO-RUSSIAN THAT
OBAMA WAS?
>> DON'T EXCUSE WHAT HE HAS TO
BECAUSE THE PUBLIC SENTIMENT --
YOU ARE GIVING HIM TOO MUCH
CREDIT.
>> Tucker: I'M JUST SAYING
THIS WHOLE THING IS INSANE,
THAT'S WHAT I'M SAYING.
>> THEN YOU HAVE ALL THE
CONSCIOUSNESS OF -- ALL OF THE
LIES THAT HAVE BEEN TOLD.
WHETHER IT'S THE JUNE 9TH
MEETING, THE RUSSIAN ADOPTION
EXCUSE AND WHAT IT WAS REALLY
ABOUT.
THAT'S CONSCIENCE OF GUILT.
A LOT OF TURNED AWAY SOMEONE
ACTS AFTER AN INVESTIGATION IS
LAUNCHED CAN TELL YOU WHAT THEY
WERE DOING.
DON'T CONFUSE EVIDENCE WITH A
CONCLUSION.
THERE'S MORE THAN ENOUGH